console: provide option to cascade metadata on dependency conflicts (close #1593) (#4846)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

- server: fix importing of allow list query from metadata (fix #4687)
- server: flush log buffer during shutdown (#4800)
- server: fix edge case with printing logs on startup failure (fix #4772)

> - console: improve dependency management experience on console (fix #1593)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- console: provide option to cascade metadata on dependency conflicts on console (fix #1593)
```

Author: Done
